Hello​ Allice,

Have​ you​ heard​ about​ steganography?﻿ I‍ find​ it‌ very​ interesting​ and
want‍ to‌ share‍ with‌ you.‌ Below​ is‍ the​ introduction​ from‌ Wiki.

Steganography‍ is​ the﻿ practice‌ of‍ concealing​ a‌ file,‌ message,‍ image,﻿ or
video​ within‌ another‍ file,﻿ message,‌ image, or video. The word
steganography combines the Greek words steganos, meaning "covered,
concealed, or protected," and graphein meaning "writing".

The first recorded use of the term was in 1499 by Johannes Trithemius
in his Steganographia, a treatise on cryptography and steganography,
disguised as a book on magic. Generally, the hidden messages appear to
be (or be part of) something else: images, articles, shopping lists,
or some other cover text. For example, the hidden message may be in
invisible ink between the visible lines of a private letter. Some
implementations of steganography that lack a shared secret are forms
of security through obscurity, and key-dependent steganographic
schemes adhere to Kerckhoffs's principle.

The advantage of steganography over cryptography alone is that the
intended secret message does not attract attention to itself as an
object of scrutiny. Plainly visible encrypted messages, no matter how
unbreakable they are, arouse interest and may in themselves be
incriminating in countries in which encryption is illegal.

Whereas cryptography is the practice of protecting the contents of a
message alone, steganography is concerned with concealing the fact
that a secret message is being sent as well as concealing the contents
of the message.

Steganography includes the concealment of information within computer
files. In digital steganography, electronic communications may include
steganographic coding inside of a transport layer, such as a document
file, image file, program or protocol. Media files are ideal for
steganographic transmission because of their large size. For example,
a sender might start with an innocuous image file and adjust the color
of every hundredth pixel to correspond to a letter in the alphabet.
The change is so subtle that someone who is not specifically looking
for it is unlikely to notice the change.

The first recorded uses of steganography can be traced back to 440 BC
when Herodotus mentions two examples in his Histories. Histiaeus sent
a message to his vassal, Aristagoras, by shaving the head of his most
trusted servant, "marking" the message onto his scalp, then sending
him on his way once his hair had regrown, with the instruction, "When
thou art come to Miletus, bid Aristagoras shave thy head, and look
thereon." Additionally, Demaratus sent a warning about a forthcoming
attack to Greece by writing it directly on the wooden backing of a wax
tablet before applying its beeswax surface. Wax tablets were in common
use then as reusable writing surfaces, sometimes used for shorthand.

In his work Polygraphiae Johannes Trithemius developed his so-called
"Ave-Maria-Cipher" that can hide information in a Latin praise of God.
"Auctor Sapientissimus Conseruans Angelica Deferat Nobis Charitas
Potentissimi Creatoris" for example contains the concealed word
VICIPEDIA.

Bob